and the miracle of san antonio because
effectively but good everything takes
panton I do not know why good very good very
well I love I love them and great
management with the planto really a handling
fairly high quality I have
had to do several several courses not
decided to devote several years and
decades of driving to this car
because it 's a pretty complicated car
drive and I have a pretty commission
advanced advanced in this car worth
let's go eye because today second mate
we beat for friend stage costs almost
I think I remember more than the
would play a lot of time and you have to
jumping, you do not have to be here but
I'm going to shoot me, okay, guys, live the
point is just down and eye because
I go first put me on the swing up
when I shot with a bit of this
but it looks like it's a flying pea
they do not let me live to the entrants
it looks like a male flying pea habit
ok eye because we go first I do not want
exploit
my mother, I think we just finished here
plant a pea orchard first
guys, we're going first points with 21
Checkpoints seems pretty
right we have the second list behind
takes a willy list that is critical that
the theme said a damn to the taste uncle
vania this car is so fragile that I
a branch arrives a branch woman half of the
incredible day to day it seems that the
car is a bit sad the one behind the
capo is sad or 10 has a part of
the very good sad sewing of the house
no one earns his car runs more macho
my mother, my mother, cyberbulling
cyberbulling pigs flames girl go
smack tells me man uncle so amanda the
roof from the cloverleaf airport
macho madryn and later named him
we catch it I think it's ready it runs
much more than the covenant not if
it's really worth it 's ahead I can
see if the guy sticks with something
I would love it and will stick to it or that
a lion came and he was bitten by a wheel
although it has given you the problem of equal
that put it in a spontaneous dlc
now here oh my god that I the
I hit
no longer
it is very well written that it shows in the
atmosphere the truth
It seems that the subscribers are a bit
let's go let's go let's go let's get pissed
to them that the slutty guy that I
They were waiting to throw me
down to below until it seems
that is fine it seems that we are going to win
it seems that it is very clear
and this is where it can happen very well
first, it is also effectively
flying so look a lot because it's worth
even though it's because how fast because
that fucking car that is fast is that
that we can not against the car with the
car
the kids we go guys we go but ay
my god that I have today I have behind a
uncle I have behind a I have a car a lot
bigger than me as I stuck a
smack demand bill there are no dimes of
the return has of the return kid that
it seems that this is the canary
this is the crime that I
wants to bundle that art is also worth
I think the childbirth problems you read if
I'm crazy but I think so sincerely
I think yes but is watching me
I dig German here centrality of some
way he knows that I do not get there is now
defend a little bit and it's perfect
what happens that happens is perfect perfect
here we have the little by little because
like me from a piece of command to basin in
like a smack demand basin
we brake, it 's perfect
we said perfect perfect and so
now yes now yes guys now yes that
we can escape perfect perfect
weiwei let's go first we go first a lot
because we are here to the other side yet
putting in front would place in the area
keep an eye out
behind perfect let me pass very well
Ok guys see what we do
and this is worth worth the means that
back you are watching me
Thank you
come perfect